Submariner doc architecture overhaul stolostron/backlog#27003 (#4465)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: add-ons/submariner/deploy_subm_console.adoc

. If the clusters on which you want to deploy Submariner are not in the same cluster set, create a cluster set for them by completing the following steps: 

.. Select *Create cluster set*.

.. Name the cluster set, and select *Create*.

.. Select *Manage resource assignments* to assign clusters to the cluster set.

.. Select the managed clusters that you want to connect with Submariner to add them to the cluster set.

.. Select *Review* to view and confirm the clusters that you selected.

.. Select *Save* to save the cluster set, and view the resulting cluster set page.

. On the cluster set page, select the _Submariner add-ons_ tab.

. Select *Install Submariner add-ons*.

. Select the clusters on which you want to deploy Submariner. 

. See the fields in the following table and enter the required information in the _Install Submariner add-ons_ editor:
+
|===
| Field | Notes 

| `AWS Access Key ID`
| Only visible when you import an AWS cluster.

| `AWS Secret Access Key`
| Only visible when you import an AWS cluster.

| `Google Cloud Platform service account JSON key`
| Only visible when you import a Google Cloud Platform cluster.

> 

Reviewer: @aswinsuryan @vthapar do you remember the fields for the Azure clusters?

Reviewer 2: @sridhargaddam 

Azure clusters has the following fields:
`Base domain resource group name`
`Client ID`
`Client secret`
`Subscription ID`
`Tenant ID`

Author: Added the extra fields, table is kind of long, hope that's OK. Maybe in the future if it gets too long we can find a way to restructure.

Reviewer: thanks @MaxBab

| `Instance type`

> | The Amazon Web Services EC2 instance type of the gateway node that is created on the managed cluster. The default value is `c5d.large`. This field is only visible when your managed cluster environment is AWS.

Reviewer: The instance type is applicable for other clusters as well and not just AWS. If we want to capture the default value, IMO we have to do the same for all the other clusters. So, I personally feel that we can avoid capturing the default value here.

```suggestion
| The instance type of the gateway node that is created on the managed cluster.
```

| `IPsec NAT-T port`

> | The default value for the IPsec NAT traversal port is port `4500`. If your managed cluster environment is VMware vSphere, ensure that this port is opened on your firewalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The default value for the IPsec NAT traversal port is port `4500`. If your managed cluster environment is VMware vSphere, ensure that this port is opened on your firewall.
```

| `Gateway count`
| The number of gateway nodes to be deployed on the managed cluster. For AWS, GCP, Azure, and OpenStack clusters, dedicated Gateway nodes are deployed. For VWware clusters, existing worker nodes are tagged as gateway nodes. The default value is `1`. If the value is greater than 1, the Submariner gateway High Availability (HA) is automatically enabled.

| `Cable driver`
| The Submariner gateway cable engine component that maintains the cross-cluster tunnels. The default value is `Libreswan IPsec`.

> |===

Reviewer 2: In additional to the above fields, the following new fields were introduced in ACM 2.7 release for every platform:

| `Disconnected cluster`
| Enable this option to instruct Submariner not to access any external servers for public IP resolution.

| `Globalnet CIDR`
| The Globalnet CIDR to be used for the managed cluster (If left blank, a CIDR will be allocated from clusterset pool).

*Note* - The `Globalnet CIDR` parameter appears only when *Globalnet* configuration selected on the clusterset.

[#submariner-deploy-console]
= Deploying Submariner with the console

> Before you deploy Submariner with {product-title}, you must prepare the clusters on the hosting environment for the connection. You can use the `SubmarinerConfig` API to automatically prepare clusters to deploy Submariner on {ocp} managed clusters that are deployed on the following providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you deploy Submariner with {product-title}, you must prepare the clusters on the hosting environment. You can use the `SubmarinerConfig` API or the {product-title} console to automatically prepare {ocp} clusters on the following providers:
```

* Amazon Web Services
* Google Cloud Platform
* Red Hat OpenStack Platform
* Microsoft Azure
* VMware vSphere

*Note:* Only non-NSX deployments are supported on VMware vSphere.

> To deploy Submariner on other providers, follow the instructions in xref:../submariner/deploy_subm_manual.adoc#preparing-submariner-manual-deployment[Deploying Submariner hosts manually].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy Submariner on other providers, follow the instructions in xref:../submariner/deploy_subm_manual.adoc#preparing-submariner-manual-deployment[Deploying Submariner manually].
```

. Select the clusters on which you want to deploy Submariner. 

> . See the fields in following table and enter the required information in the _Install Submariner add-ons_ editor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. See the fields in the following table and enter the required information in the _Install Submariner add-ons_ editor:
```

+
|===
| Field | Notes 

| `AWS Access Key ID`
| Only visible when you import an AWS cluster.

| `AWS Secret Access Key`
| Only visible when you import an AWS cluster.

| `Google Cloud Platform service account JSON key`
| Only visible when you import a Google Cloud Platform cluster.

| `Instance type`
| The Amazon Web Services EC2 instance type of the gateway node that is created on the managed cluster. The default value is `c5d.large`. This field is only visible when your managed cluster environment is AWS.

| `IPsec NAT-T port`
| The default value for the IPsec NAT traversal port is port `4500`. If your managed cluster environment is VMware vSphere, ensure that this port is opened on your firewalls.

| `Gateway count`

> | The number of worker nodes that are used to deploy the Submariner gateway component on your managed cluster. The default value is `1`. If the value is greater than 1, the Submariner gateway High Availability (HA) is automatically enabled.

Reviewer: JFYI, for the following cluster (AWS, GCP, Azure and OpenStack) we always create new dedicated Gateway nodes. Only for VmWare clusters we label one (or more) of the existing worker nodes as Gateway nodes.

```suggestion
| The number of gateway nodes to be deployed on the managed cluster. For AWS, GCP, Azure and OpenStack clusters dedicated Gateway nodes are deployed whereas for VmWare clusters, existing worker nodes are tagged as Gateway nodes. The default value is `1`. If the value is greater than 1, the Submariner gateway High Availability (HA) is automatically enabled.
```

+

> * `Gateway nodes labeled` indicates how many worker nodes are labeled with the Submariner gateway label: `submariner.io/gateway=true` on the managed cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Gateway nodes labeled` indicates the number of gateway nodes on the managed cluster.
```

> Submariner is now deployed on the seclected clusters.

Reviewer 3: spelling here line 87
